PLEASE READ THESE PROGRAM TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING RHEL AI. BY PARTICIPATING
IN THE PROGRAM OR USING RHEL AI, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE PROGRAM
TERMS AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE PROGRAM TERMS. IF YOU DO
NOT ACCEPT THE PROGRAM TERMS, THEN DO NOT USE RHEL AI.

### Red Hat Enterprise Linux AI Development Preview Program Terms

We are excited that you are interested in the Red Hat Enterprise Linux AI
Development Preview Program and as a benefit of participating, you will have
access to a preview version of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat’s preview of
AI tools, models, and other AI related content (“**RHEL AI**”) at no cost subject to
these terms ("**Program**").  Red Hat may terminate the Program at any time for any
reason.

These Program Terms govern your use of RHEL AI and are subject to the Red Hat
Enterprise Agreement available at <http://www.redhat.com/agreements> (the
"**Agreement**"). When we use a capitalized term without defining it in these
Program Terms, the term has the meaning defined in the Agreement. If there is a
conflict between these Program Terms and the Agreement, the Program Terms will
take precedence.

The Program gives access to a preview version of RHEL AI. The Program documents
the steps required to for composing a preview instance of RHEL AI by building a
Red Hat Enterprise Linux bootable image and downloading and configuring the
following components: i) a large language model (“**LLM**”), ii) an AI model to
generate synthetic data for the LLM, iii) data sets to train the LLM, iv)
various tools to assist with the training and management of LLM and v) device
drivers and tools to optimize workloads running on specific graphical processing
units (GPUs).  You are responsible for acquiring sufficient rights in any
training data that you use to train the LLM.

Once configured, you will be able to input questions (aka prompts), which may be
modified for optimization, to the LLM ("**Input**").  Such Input is passed to the
LLM that provides suggestions in the form of answers, responses, or other
product related content ("**Suggestions**").

You are responsible for ensuring your use of the LLM and model training
resources complies with the applicable agreements, licenses and any applicable
laws or regulations regarding such usage.  Red Hat only provides limited preview
support for the LLM and other associated training data and tools referenced in
the RHEL AI documentation.

The Suggestions may require additional modifications by you to be useful and any
such modifications are "**Modified Suggestions**". Your use of Suggestions is at
your discretion and Red Hat makes no warranties or guarantees with respect to
Suggestions and you should confirm that use of RHEL AI or any Suggestions is
appropriate for your environment. Suggestions may be similar to material used to
train the LLM. Red Hat does not claim any intellectual property rights with
respect to Input, Suggestions, or Modified Suggestions. Suggestions are not
considered Red Hat Software.

The Program is intended for early access for developers to gather feedback to
improve the product and is not intended or supported for production use.  Under
the Program, RHEL AI and any components referenced or included in RHEL AI, are
not covered by any Red Hat indemnification.   These Program Terms establish the
rights and obligations associated with RHEL AI and are not intended to limit
your rights to software code under the terms of an open source license.

May 2024
